hi guys so I get a lot of questions on
what weight loss tees that I used in
order to lose weight and I'm kind of
going to give you a brief description on
what tees I drink on the daily and what
they each do I can't sit here and say
that I go eat McDonald's and then I have
tea and then you know my weight is like
perfect because it's not if I eat poorly
then yeah I definitely go up on the
scale but when I started working at TiVo
and I started drinking the monkey picked
long and when I started working there I
was actually about 154 pounds
um maybe one like 49 like it was between
154 and 149 and I started working there
last September by January I was down to
129 and I pretty much maintained not for
the most part so um basically I started
off drinking the monkey picked long I
drink at least a hundred ounces of water
today sometimes hundred and fifty
depending if I have the time or how long
it takes me to drink the first two
bottles but um Monday pick too long
isn't long tea its I believe Chinese I
should know this but I'm a little
confused
it basically it helps speed up your
metabolism it aids in your digestion and
it has a special enzyme that helps um
release stored body fat so it's it's
it's an amazing tea you drink it maybe
20 minutes after you ate or 20 minutes
before you eat and it gets your
metabolism going and it basically burns
what you eat off in order to see results
you need to be drinking it three times a
day at least and consistently for two
weeks
see I drink is the matcha the matcha has
vitamin C a ke b12 and b12 complex as
well as amino acids so and only does it
have your daily vitamins it's giving you
that also that b12
help speed up your metabolism the
number-one part on your body that burns
fat from is your stomach and that is
like a huge thing for all ladies that
are trying to get rid of the pooch that
they they've got going on matcha green
tea is great the same thing three times
a day if you can with breakfast um I
think I drink that long more when I do
with the matcha the matcha is just
really easy it's a lot easier to do if
you're not willing to do the whole loose
leaf thing but um the next one is a chai
but it's also a long it has like
cardamom ginger and a bunch of other
stuff that's just really really good for
your digestion and helps basically clean
you out the good thing about these loose
leaf teas it doesn't you will not have a
stomach ache you will not have cramps
and you will not be in the bathroom for
I drink tea all day everyday I think
more than three cups a day the minimum
it should be three cups today but you
have to remember if you're going to be
drinking tea to help you lose weight
like you all seem to be drinking a lot
of water and you also need to be eating
right so that's really really important
someone asked like what my daily meals
look like in the morning usually I'll
have either gluten-free waffles from
Trader Joe's and sorry I know I touch my
hair a lot guys I'm sorry um I might all
either have a gluten free waffles or
gluten-free pancakes from Trader Joe's
or a fruit salad a smoothie that's no
dairy and it I don't do dairy at all um
I just learned that that works best for
my body and for me and if you do like
dairy then you know I'm sure you can
have like maybe a yogurt or something in
the morning or I'll even have like a
double fiber bread with almond butter
and half a sliced banana on it that's
also really really good if you have that
with yogurt that's usually or like two
hard-boiled eggs and a half a grapefruit
like that's kind of what my breakfast
looks like my lunch if I'm going to work
usually I just go pick up a salad from
Trader Joe's I think of a Chinese
chicken or just the Chinese there's two
Chinese chicken solids actually that I
get from there
um those are really the only ones that I
have if not I make a salad and I make
sure it's sharp green lettuce and I'll
put like avocado tomato maybe some
chicken raisins cranberries and then I
used like a ways ease of vinaigrette I
never used ranch or anything like that I
really like the M champagne hair
dressing that
Sat Trader Joe's and I actually mix it
with apple cider vinegar or sometimes if
I'm like really busy all substitute my
salad and my lunch for a green V at
robux and I get the large size and not
celery juice carrot juice and my gosh
spinach and sometimes I'll add ginger so
that's usually what my lunch looks like
for dinner when it's not summer time
it's usually vegetable soup or roasted
vegetables I just have this thing about
like I hate eating like hot things on a
hot day I don't remember actually I
don't know why vegetable soup chicken
you
so I a lot of pineapple I eat a lot of
dark berries but I only like blueberries
I think they're mushy so I took
blackberries raspberries strawberries
pineapple I know it's not a very apple
have an apple first snap I think it's
really important to make sure you're
eating all three meals a day and at
least a snack in between the bulk butter
is pineapple mango berries a couple bear
I'm actually gonna do for you guys is if
I get to a thousand subscribers with
your help of course I will do a contest
and I decided that I will do a half a
pound of tea so that means I would do
four ounces of the monkey picked long
and I will do four ounces of the maharat
chai those are my two favorites and I
think they're the most effective and
with a tin is well that keeps your tea
fresh for over a year and instructions
on how to use them I don't know what my
contest will be yet but I will do that
for you guys and so you guys can help me
get the subscribers and the views I
would really appreciate it I appreciate
all of you guys for already lost follow
me on twitter my twitter name is vanessa
underscore world and i'll put it right
there and I have another Twitter that I
it's called Ness X nutrition too and
I'll put this under somewhere right here
for you guys and um follow me I I want
to use the nutrition one more kind of
like my daily meals and what I'm eating
and that's pretty much it for this video
I hope it was helpful for those of you
who asked I hope you check out Teavana
but the website there you can look at
those T's and kind of get a little bit
more of a description for yourself and
that's pretty much it and this if you
follow me on twitter you'll see kind of
like bull Twitter's you'll see my kind
of daily the more followers I get on the
nutrition one the more I'll be motivated
to like post if I my goal you know no
one follows me on this one so what am I
going to do um thank you so much guys
and have a fabulous day and I will see
you guys in the next video bye